README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Single price grid component solution

This is a solution to the [Single price grid component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/single-price-grid-component-5ce41129d0ff452fec5abbbc). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Frontend Mentor - Single price grid component solution](#frontend-mentor---single-price-grid-component-solution)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Overview](#overview)
    - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
    - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
    - [Links](#links)
  - [My process](#my-process)
    - [Built with](#built-with)
    - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
    - [Continued development](#continued-development)
    - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
  - [Author](#author)
  - [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)


## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the component depending on their device's screen size
- See a hover state on desktop for the Sign Up call-to-action

### Screenshot

My solution screenshots for the two version : Desktop & Mobile.

![Desktop Screenshot](./Screenshots/Desktop%20screenshot%20Frontend%20Mentor%20Single%20Price%20Grid%20Component.png)

![Mobile Screenshot](./Screenshots/Mobile%20screenshot%20Frontend%20Mentor%20Single%20Price%20Grid%20Component.png)


### Links

- Solution URL: [Github Solution url](https://github.com/Celie987/single-price-grid-component-master)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox

### What I learned

As this was my first project outside of some exercises taken when following some freecodecamp course, I have learned a lot and not necessarily what I thought...
So first steps in markdown.
Better knowledge of Git, Github and Visual Code.
First usage of the lessons provided by Dave Gray on freecodecamp YouTube Chain on html and css.
And reusage of the wonderfull css template he provided to ensure to cover all the necessary section.

### Continued development

My next projects will continue to focus on html and css, trying to go faster to build the solution and trying also to integrate step by step some javascript within them.
Step by step, from newbie to junior, medium and advanced...

### Useful resources

- [freecodecamp site](https://www.freecodecamp.org) - This helped me for learnign html and css from zero to starter.

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@Celie987](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Celie987)


## Acknowledgments

Many thanks to Zach Gollwitzer and his video on frontend development, he makes me discover frontendmentor and this first Challenge.

Commit message:

interverting type and href in the css link

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Single price grid component solution

This is a solution to the [Single price grid component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/single-price-grid-component-5ce41129d0ff452fec5abbbc). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Frontend Mentor - Single price grid component solution](#frontend-mentor---single-price-grid-component-solution)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Overview](#overview)
    - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
    - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
    - [Links](#links)
  - [My process](#my-process)
    - [Built with](#built-with)
    - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
    - [Continued development](#continued-development)
    - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
  - [Author](#author)
  - [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)


## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the component depending on their device's screen size
- See a hover state on desktop for the Sign Up call-to-action

### Screenshot

My solution screenshots for the two version : Desktop & Mobile.

![Desktop Screenshot](./Screenshots/Desktop%20screenshot%20Frontend%20Mentor%20Single%20Price%20Grid%20Component.png)

![Mobile Screenshot](./Screenshots/Mobile%20screenshot%20Frontend%20Mentor%20Single%20Price%20Grid%20Component.png)


### Links

- Solution URL: [Github Solution url](https://github.com/Celie987/single-price-grid-component-master)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://celie987.github.io/single-price-grid-component-master/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox

### What I learned

As this was my first project outside of some exercises taken when following some freecodecamp course, I have learned a lot and not necessarily what I thought...
So first steps in markdown.
Better knowledge of Git, Github and Visual Code.
First usage of the lessons provided by Dave Gray on freecodecamp YouTube Chain on html and css.
And reusage of the wonderfull css template he provided to ensure to cover all the necessary section.

What I also learn is perseverance : for having the page correctly settled in github pages it takes me several hours. I have therfore review all the concept of relative url an so for. For finally, found that what was working was interverting the place of the type attribute and the href attribute in my stylesheet link. 

### Continued development

My next projects will continue to focus on html and css, trying to go faster to build the solution and trying also to integrate step by step some javascript within them.
Step by step, from newbie to junior, medium and advanced...

### Useful resources

- [freecodecamp site](https://www.freecodecamp.org) - This helped me for learnign html and css from zero to starter.

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@Celie987](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Celie987)


## Acknowledgments

Many thanks to Zach Gollwitzer and his video on frontend development, he makes me discover frontendmentor and this first Challenge.
